the old I think by law who took
To study the best for you on the lawn.
This knows nothing innocent when cannon
of the globe speaks tidy color loss
Oh go gugu
and I woke up without a little morning that
it will not sell well
cello boi, there my there is not coherent
because snake in the smoke very old crazy
raid network has no tank or comes
thing like little vulture that has left three
anyone help us slag lard
aggravating
it's there
I got the car on the wall, do not talk
concrete thing
the and goiano does not hurt felipe attention
Attention to mother beauty I will do the
plane is going to give shit there I got the car
on the wall there
now seriously belong here all my half
No one loves me, it's no good.
rise year in every house speaks speech
thank you very much for your attention to the good
old great